# Minutes of Meeting

* **Tasks** (T) - has an Owner and a deadline
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.

---
 
### Date : 02-02-2022
### Time : 17:00
### Topic: Requirements
### Attendees: Pratyay, Gaurav, prof. Vattem, Mr. Vaddhiparthy

---

### T:
- Creation of requirements doc: Team, 8th feb.
- Maintaining OneDrive folder with documents: Pratyay, project duration.

### D:
- This project is independent of the existing smart city codebase.
- The project is to be deployed on the smart city server, will be run as a cron job.
- A collaboration with Team 9 might be possible.

### I:
- Project Concept v2 was presented.
- A discussion followed in order to lay out the requirements in a formal manner.
- Mr. Vaddhiparthy showed us the OneM2M setup.
- We discussed about how to go about the implementation, decision D1 was reached.
- A discussion on how the existing codebase integrates with OneM2M, how our framework will be deployed.
- A remark by prof. Vattem on team participation and coordination.
- Prof. Vattem proposed her idea to possibly integrate our project in some capacity with Team 9's dashboard.
- Closing remarks about COVID and other general ongoing matters.
